feat: support server power state (#462)
ionos-cloud/terraform-provider-ionoscloud: docs/resources/server.md

- `availability_zone` - (Optional)[string] The availability zone in which the server should exist. E.g: `AUTO`, `ZONE_1`, `ZONE_2`. This property is immutable.
- `licence_type` - (Optional)[string] Sets the OS type of the server.
- `cpu_family` - (Optional)[string] CPU architecture on which server gets provisioned; not all CPU architectures are available in all datacenter regions; available CPU architectures can be retrieved from the datacenter resource. E.g.: "AMD_OPTERON", "INTEL_XEON" or "INTEL_SKYLAKE".

> - `vm_state` - (Optional)[string] Sets the power state of the server. E.g: `RUNNING`, `SHUTOFF` or `SUSPENDED` (for cube servers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `vm_state` - (Optional)[string] Sets the power state of the server. E.g: `RUNNING`, `SHUTOFF` or `SUSPENDED`. SUSPENDED state is only valid for cube"
```
